Quick accessibility test keyboard
support.
Many people are unable to use a mouse or
touch gestures due to limited arm
movement and dexterity issues. Instead,
they may rely on a keyboard or similar
input device to navigate and operate
digital content.To find out
if your website is keyboard accessible,
load the site and start navigating it by
pressing the tab key on your keyboard.
You should be able to reach all
actionable controls such as links,
buttons and form fields.
Pressing the enter key or spacebar
should activate these controls.
If any actionable element on your
website is skipped, receives the focus
in an illogical order, or you cannot see
where the focus is at anytime, then
keyboard support is not properly
implemented.
To find out more about accessibility,
visit our website at petrological.com.